Imran Khan who's actually standing up
for elections so there are a few people
who are with him there are few people
who are against him so in that way that
actually makes a controversial other
than that this movie is based on the
relationship to Imran Khan Jemima
pancake out there my aunty and the
problems and the issues that he faced in
his life talk today is sorry he said she
said will be shown in the movie itself I
don't know them personally at the same
time I actually did not watch any any of
their movies yet ELISA for yes I
definitely admire his work I watched his
movie and I think he did a great job in
the movie with Iran and Kat I think he
did a great job I admire him for what he
did I have been growing up watching
Bollywood movies and I admire I sure you
rise 40 countries were together you know
you don't know country is it Walker TV
unfortunately you know it's separated
now I would never ever want kado
countries make a baby bitterness ho
Kamisha you know they should just be
with each other keep supporting each
other and you know life zindagi me what
I personally think a humans comes first
you know and life wicked element is why
hatred you know why just spread out love
no matter if it's people were from China
Japan Julia no we all should you know we
all should we are humans at the end of
the day
you